The next step is to create the coupon rest controller and expose out the restful API so that it can be
later on used by the product service to do that, go to sts.
Right
click on one of the packages, new class call it coupon rest controller that will go into a package called
springcloud.Controllers.
Finish, to make this restful control mark it with @ rest controller annotation from spring.
Next, we can also use the ,we should also use the request mapping annotation, request, mapping
annotation to map this restfully API to a particular "/".
so that the client can use it.
Call it coupon API.
This controller will have two methods.
The first method is a public, it returns a coupon back coupon after creating the coupon, so it is
responsible for creating the coupon in the database and it will return that coupon back.
So it takes a coupon as well.
Coupon coupon hit control one, import the coupon from the model package.
And within this we need to use the repository hit control.
one return add a written statement returns a coupon back.
Will change that in a second.
Inject the repository, so Coupon repo is the interface, call it repo Mark this with @ auto wire annotation.
So this coupon repo at runtime Spring will provide an instance of that, the implementation for it for
us.
And within this create method, we simply use repo dot, save, invoke the same method, passing the
coupon that is passed from the client, whatever the client sends in the rest request, and then once it
is save to the database, this repo.save will return the Saved coupon, which will have the I.D. on
it.
We are returning that back to the client.
Now Mark, this method with @request mapping, annotation, request mapping within brackets value
is used to give it at ("/coupons")
So we are adding the new coupon that the client is sending to a collection of coupons which already
exists in the database,
The method is equal to request method.
The enumeration.post is the method that should be used to create objects.
The second and the last method is get coupon method.
This gui also returns a coupon, but it returns the existing coupon.
So call it get coupon within brackets.
String code given a code, it should return a coupon back.
Not the id, but the code hit control one add a written statement.
And mark this with annotations, and then we can implement the method at request, mapping annotation
within brackets, value is equal to then double quotes, slash coupons, slash within angler brackets
code so the client will pass in the code for which we need to return the coupon.
Comma the method outside the double quotes comma method is equal to request method dot get by default
it is get if you don't specify any method here by default spring will assume get.
But this is more readable.
Looks at the methods it will automatically know this is a good method and the implementation is super
simple.
Written repo dot find by code.
This method doesn't exist yet.
So type in as if it exists.
Find by B capital y small C capital  code passing the code.
That's the beauty of springdata jpa hit control one.
And create method find by code that is all that is required automatically, Spring data jpa will use
the code that is passed in here and it will create a select query select star from or select the column names
from the database table called Coupon where the code.
This gui here is equal to whatever code is passed in from the client and we are automatically using
it here.
So these are the finder by the support that spring data jpa has
We need not write any SQL simply by writing java methods like this.
Internally spring data generates the code for us.
If you are taken my spring data jpa course or my end to end java project course you already know this.
So in this lecture you have implemented the restful controller that has two methods
The first method creates a coupon.
The second method returns an existing coupon, given a coupon code in the url and you also
implemented a find by code method in the repository.